>>And then after
the chakra systems
we're going to start looking at
the energy fields of the body.
And then from the
immediate ones,
such as the etherical
body and what's
often called the aura, which
is simply your thoughts
and your feelings and
your emotional-- I
mean your physical--
your physical body also
emits light that sometimes
is mistaken for auras.
It's usually a disease
when it does that.
And we'll look at those
which are in close,
and then we'll look at--
go to the fields like that,
the crystalline structure
fields out there,
because that's where I
really want to get to.
But we'll start in
then go out from there.
But we'll start with
this aspect by talking
about the inner chakras.
And to understand the
inner chakras that
run inside the body,
we'll look at first just
the eight-chakra system.
It's the simpler one.
And see what's the
origin of that.
And in order to look at
the eight-chakra system
it's easiest to compare
it to sound and music.
We've already seen how
music and organic structure
are interrelated.
We saw that with
the bees, and we
saw that in the spine, how the
spinal column and the weights
of it were equivalent to
the differences in cycles
per second in music.
And so in order to
talk about the way
that energy flows through
the octave in terms of music,
and just the way you play
music between the steps
and the half steps and
all these things in music,
it is identical to the way
energy flows up the spine.
It's exactly the same.
So if you can
understand it in music,
you can understand the body.
And a lot of the Sufi
groups [AUDIO OUT]
with this, especially Gurdjieff.
For those of you who
have studied Gurdjieff,
I'm going to give you an image
that he didn't know about.
He searched for
it, I believe, most
of his life, which is
the sacred image that
was behind the enneagram and
behind the work he was doing.
But anyway, to start with, we'll
look at the octave up here.
Just do, re, mi,
fa so, la, ti, do.
Between the third
and fourth note--
this is a whole
set, a whole step,
but between the third and the
fourth note, between mi and fa,
there is a half step.
There's also a half
step between ti
and do, between the
seventh and eighth note.
Those two places.
Now in musical instruments,
that's built in.
Like in a flute, the way
they arrange the holes
are such that it's
already built into there.
So you don't have
to work it out.
If you play something like
a violin, where you've
got a fretless
situation, then you
have to know how to do that.
It's not built in.
Or a guitar, it's
built in because you've
got the frets in there, if you
look at the spacings of them
and everything.
So it goes between
those two places.
And if you look at it,
it goes into-- there's
two patterns in there
that repeat themselves.
It goes one, two, three, half
step, four, one, two, three,
half step, four.
There's two sets of patterns.
And one of them you can
call female and one of them
you can call male,
though it's debatable
which way you want to do that.
And that there is a difference
between this male or female
pattern and this male pattern.
It's between fa and so, the
fourth and the fifth note.
Right there.
The differences between
male and femaleness.
And Gurdjieff used to
talk about this place
and how, if this
was a cosmic scale,
then a tiny, tiny
itty bitty change that
was made between the
fourth and the fifth note
would affect the whole cosmos
dramatically in a big way.
And so you got
three places here,
these two half
steps and this place
between the fourth
and the fifth,
that we need to identify
in terms of shape and form.
This is the enneagram
that Gurdjieff used.
It was a two dimensional
representation of this.
And both of these are two
dimensional representations
of something that is
an actual sacred form.
This isn't-- neither one of
these are sacred geometry.
Gurdjieff didn't know
about sacred geometry.
But this is a pattern
that is one step removed.
This is kind of like the
work of Walter Russell.
His work was one step
removed from sacred geometry.
But it has a lot
of similarities.
They've discovered that there's
a flow in here, inside of here,
and that flow in the enneagram
goes from one to four to two
to eight to five to
seven to one again.
And those are called the wings.
And there's another
flow that goes
from three, six, nine in here.
And I'm not going to get
into the enneagram, that's
not my real purpose here.
Except to say that
the reason that there
are nine points in the
enneagram-- and there's
really a tenth one in the
center, which is seldom talked
about-- the way these two
things relate together,
why there's nine points
on here and there's
eight notes up
there, and first it
doesn't look like
they correspond.
That's because
the two half steps
are considered as important
as the rest of the pattern.
So it really goes one, two,
three, four, five, six, seven,
eight, nine.
The tenth one, or the retreat,
is the one in the middle.
And this pattern can be applied
to just about everything that
has a sound implication,
which is everything.
And people like-- you
remember Oscar Ichazo?
Does anyone remember
him and Arica?
And his work, he had 12 men
who came around him also,
and then they began to
teach a geometrical means
of enlightenment.
And one of those, which
was-- one of his teachers
was Claudio Naranjo, who
is a really good teacher.
And he discovered
how personality types
are associated with this.
And that there are 27 primary
personality types, that once
you know the formula, you
can just look at a person,
and you know everything about
them, really, really fast.
And it's far more accurate
than the 12 personality
types of astrology.
But anyway, that's
not my job here
to get into all that stuff.
This is mostly what
I want you to see,
up here, is how this works.
Now, the chakra
system-- well, first
of all, the hidden
sacred form that
is behind it, which
only makes sense anyway
since you've got biology and
sound that are interlinked,
is the same one that
creates biological life
forms, the egg of life.
These are the eight notes
of the eight-note scale.
And you can even
identify these two half
steps in this place between the
male and the fourth and fifth.
And so what I'm going
to do is show you
how this works, though
it's intuitive in what
you're going to see here.
This is really a
lattice or a grid.
And there is a one below,
there's a one we're in,
there's a one above.
In terms of the
chakras also, there's
a set of chakras below you,
and there's a set of chakras
that you are in, and there's
a set of chakras above you.
The set of chakras below
you are compressed,
and they're in the
ratio of the Phi ratio,
meaning that if this was the
length of a set of chakras
below you, that
the one you're in
would be approximately
that high,
and the ones that go above you
would be approximately that
high.
They are much farther
stretched out above you,
and they are super
compressed below you.
This is where you came from,
this is where you are now,
and this is where you're going.
But just to look at music,
first of all, this here,
and to see how
music-- what sound
does when it moves through
this basic structure.
Sound comes in from
below at this first note,
from what was below, which
is the first note, do.
It's now entered into
this white tetrahedron.
Maybe I should do
it the other way,
and [INAUDIBLE]
arranged like that.
It comes in first as
this black tetrahedron.
Now there's three places
that it could go to.
It's in the black
tetrahedron, it
has to move to one of
these three places.
For our purposes
it doesn't matter.
Experientially it might
matter, because it's
mother, father, child,
male, female, and neutral.
But for our purposes
it has to go somewhere,
and we're just
going to pick one.
So say it goes here.
So now this is do and re.
It now has two left over,
it's got to pick one.
So we'll pick this one over
here, so it goes to this one.
So this is do, re, and mi.
No matter how it
did it, it moved
in an equilateral triangle.
Do, re, me.
Equal spaces between them.
But now it has to
change direction.
It either went in this
equilateral triangle,
this equilateral
triangle, or this one.
One of the three.
Or it went this way or this way.
There's only six possibilities.
But now it has to get back here.
It has to change direction from
this flat plane it's moving in,
which is the first
three notes, and it
has to change direction and
come back here, to this one.
And all I can do is kind of--
remember how shadow forms are
the key, and I can only
give you a right brain
explanation of this.
I'm going to go in here.
OK, you've got this little rod.
And this would be the whole
note step between the do,
re, and mi.
But then when it has to turn
and go out of the plane,
look what happens to a
shadow form of a turn.
It shortens.
It gets shorter.
So in other words, the links
between this one and this one
and this one is a
whole note, but when
it turns and goes back to the
other one to get back to here,
the experience of it is,
is that it's shorter.
And so you have do, re,
mi, half step to fa.
It's now completed
the black tetrahedron.
And in order to continue on,
it has to change polarity
from female to male.
And there's only one
way it can do that.
It goes right through zero
point, from four to five,
over here.
Right through the
center, through the womb.
And it passes right
through the middle
over to the opposite
polarity from four to five.
And that's what Gurdjieff
was really talking about.
It's a zero point between four
and five, between fa and so.
And so a little tiny
change in the great void
will make a huge change
out in the reality.
So now it gets over here onto--
it went [INAUDIBLE] four,
came over here to
five, like this.
It's now here, and it
moves for the next three
in a flat plane, whichever
way it wants to go.
It'll come around, and
it goes for so, la, ti.
Like this, again, whole
step notes because it's
all in one plane of movement.
But then it has to
make another half step,
another angular change away from
the plane to get up to the top.
So you end up with another
half step between do and ti.
Now your chakra system
is one of these things,
opened up, running
up your spine.
And so you have the
same things going on
between your eight chakras.
You have blocks,
changes of angles,
between three and four
and seven and eight.
You also have a very special
place between four and five,
between the heart
and between sound.
So in the eight-point
chakra, you have one
at the base of the spine.
You then have a
second one, which
is just a little bit
higher up in there.
You have another one here.
So you've got these
eight chakras.
This one really is
the pineal gland
in the center of the head.
This one's above the head.
This one doesn't sit here, it
sits over here in the front.
I'm going to show
you this in a moment.
Just in the first
time, I just want
to show them as a straight
line, but they're not exactly
that way.
And so energy comes in from
another dimensional level.
In other words, you get
born here into this world,
you came from some other place.
And when you do, you have three
chakras, the first, second,
and third, that become
your domain of expression.
Or they become like lenses to
interpret the reality through.
And you can't go up any
higher because there's
this half step here.
There's a block, there's a wall
right here that God put there.
And so let me go
to the body here.
This same thing's
true with color.
This cube, the color
wavelengths correspond
to sound in the same way.
Though many people have tried
to take the seven notes of sound
and correspond-- see,
there's only three primary
and three secondary.
They tried to add another
color to correspond,
to get the color
linked in with that.
But really what it is,
it comes in as white.
It then goes up to the
three primary colors,
goes across to the other
side, becomes the three
secondary colors, turns
and becomes black.
But then black becomes white.
On to the next grid.
And so it's really a combination
of three primary, three
secondary, black and white,
that are the key to all of that.
I really need to
redo this drawing.
These are-- and it's
much more complicated.
There's actually a rotational
motion going up the spine.
And females rotate up one
way and males rotate up
the other way up the spine.
So I've got this
first division here
showing this rotational energy.
The one for the male
is actually in space,
for the sexual energy.
The penis goes up to.
The female one is not
back there, though.
It's actually in here further.
But I divided them
further so you
could see there's a division.
And there's a half step
in between here, that
blocks these, a wall that keeps
anything from consciousness
removing higher.
And then there is
another wall back here,
which is at the back of head.
This is why the Egyptians
used that 45 degree
thing on the back of the head.
The chakra, the half step chakra
is this little bump that's
on the back of your head.
This is-- just to give you an
idea, this is what happens.
Life comes in here.
It comes into a brand
new reality, which
is what we're all about to do.
We're all about to die
here, you might say, and be
born into another reality.
And when you go into this
new reality, it's new.
Meaning you don't know
anything about anything.
Nothing corresponds
with anything you know.
The colors aren't the same,
shapes don't make sense,
nothing.
You don't know what anything is.
And you just-- you were a little
baby when you came in here.
You might not-- you know?
You didn't know
what anything was.
It takes a while to
understand what it is.
So you only have really
one thing on your mind.
You're not interested--
at that point,
you're not going to be
interested in how much money
you got your bank
account or anything else.
You're going to only be
interested in one thing.
And that's survival,
that's staying there.
That's going to be your total,
absolute, complete focus.
You're in this world,
and you're going
to try to do everything you
can to stay in this new world.
But at some point
you will master that.
And you will figure
out how to be there.
And then once that
gets mastered,
you will then become aware of
the next chakra, or lens, which
is, you will be aware that
there are other beings there,
or other aspects of
yourself, depending
on how you want to look at it.
And it will become a natural
desire, though that desire is
totally different
from place to place,
to make contact, physical
contact with the life
or consciousness that is there.
And so the second one in terms
of the three dimensional world,
is called sexual.
So the sexual chakra
lies on the next one.
Once you've usually made those
two connections, the next one
that follows after that, which
is sitting at the navel--
and by the way, the third
chakra is exactly at the navel.
This whole thing
where the Hindus
say it's one or two
fingers below, and even
a lot of the martial arts
that say the center's
down there-- if
it's there, there
ain't anything that shows
up on the computer screens.
Not a thing.
And we can go right
into the center of it.
And we were-- because we
all had that training.
We started looking in
there, and saying god,
there's nothing here.
Where's the third chakra?
It's not here.
So we just went up, and bingo.
And I mean, you take
the belly button,
and you go right
down the center.
And I really think the ancients
were trying to hide that.
They did so many
secret things, and I
think it's one of those things
that we thought was true.
To the best I can
tell, that isn't true.
It is right where you
think it would be.
Right down the middle.
And so the third one that
comes into your existence
has to do with ego and
controlling the environment,
mastering the
environment itself.
Being able to work with
these new shapes and forms,
and learning how to move,
all this kind of stuff.
Which ultimately turns
into, in this world
anyway, the control
and the power,
and all these kinds of
things that it leads to.
The distortions of it.
But then you have a wall.
In other words, the
spirit won't even
know that there's
anything more than that.
And so in the beginning stages
of going into a new dimension,
you become totally involved
in survival, sexual energy,
there's sex and power.
And if you take-- this is true
of a person, or a country,
or a planet, or a
galaxy for that matter.
And so in terms of a country,
you could take the United
States back in say, the
late '40s or early '50s,
that's a really
good time in there.
And we had not discovered that
there was anything above that
yet.
And almost everybody
in the United States
during that period
of time, was totally
involved in the
first three things,
of survival, sex, and
power, and control.
Or combinations of it
in one way or another.
That was materialism,
that falls in the thing
of getting money and
houses, and making
sure you've got lots of food.
All these kinds of
things, all fall
in these kinds of categories.
But at the same time, in
the early '40s and 1950s,
you could have gone to another
country, any of the older
countries, in certain areas
of China, a good one is India,
because we're more familiar
with that one, or Tibet.
But India would be a good one.
In India they had long ago found
out about this as a country.
And went up into
these set up here,
into the fourth, fifth,
sixth, and seventh.
There's another wall up here.
So when you find out
where this doorway is,
then you come up into here.
And so India wasn't
really concerned so much
anymore about materialism
or all that kind of stuff.
They were concerned about love
and sound, music, causal plane
of how things are together in
the final spiritual realms,
up in here.
They were concerned
about other things
that were more important.
At the same time, while the
United States was down here,
really putting all their
energy into getting
the physical planes together.
And there are people
that are the same way.
So this doorway here is
one that-- I mean, all
you guys have one way or
another found this doorway here.
Because you've all
discovered this up here.
What you're now looking
for is this doorway.
You're now becoming aware
that there's another doorway,
there's something
else even above that.
We have built in to our physical
body-- and why we did it,
I don't know--
another angle in here.
We put this, this is
the pituitary gland,
this is the pineal gland, this
is the-- what do you call it?
The medulla?
At the back?
All you've got to do is
take this spot right here
and go straight back.
It's in a straight line from
your third eye, straight back.
>>A little higher in the back.
>>Right here?
OK.
Now.
Is that even?
>>No.
[INAUDIBLE]
>>How's that?
>>Slight angle.
>>Slight angle?
Whatever this is on me,
this is where it is.
I've got my finger right on it.
It's right there on me.
So that's the place where it is.
So maybe it is, maybe it is a
little bit lower down in there.
Believe me, there's
another angle in there.
We put this angle in
there for some reason.
I'm not sure why we did
it, but it has really
caused an interesting situation
with the ascended masters.
Because when they went
through the chakra
systems of their own cells,
and they got up to here,
they had a real hard time
finding the seventh one.
So what happened is all the
ascended masters, in terms
of looking at-- in terms of
the chakra system of the earth,
they went up to
the 12th overtone
of the sixth dimension.
And you've got about almost
8,000 ascended masters
as of just recently, and
only three or four of them
were able to figure out where
the seventh dimension was.
that could find the
doorway through.
There's just like, just a few.
Of course, all it really
takes is just one.
Eventually those three or four
are training the rest of them,
and they're now getting it.
In the last couple
years they got it.
They're all flowing over now
into the pineal glad area
of the seventh
dimension of the earth.
Which is really the 12
dimension in terms-- or no.
Is that 12?
No, that would be 10 or 11.
Not sure.
10 or 11 dimension.
The 12th is actually a
crown on top of the head.
There are different ways
of approaching this.
In fact, the Annunaki didn't do
the system that we are doing.
They did go back here
first, and came out
this way to a chakra
that's in front of you.
There's another one out here
in space, out in front of you,
in front of your third eye.
And they'd projected their
consciousness that way,
and then made a 90
degree turn straight up.
And it was through
that particular way
that they were able
to find the doorway
to the next dimensional level.
And so it was like this L
shape, this 90-degree L.
And they became known as the
Ls for a long time because
of this meditation.
And later, because
they were the old ones,
that's where the
word elder came from.
And knowing what that was,
they were called the elders.
And the elder race.
Because of the meditation
practice that they used
to make this 90-degree turn.
From what I'm being
told, we're not
going to go that direction
that you're talking about.
We're not going to come from
here to here first as a race,
though that is a possibility.
Now you may do that, but
as an overall planet,
we have I guess already
decided that we're
going to go up to here, shoot
back over here and then out.
And I'll give the pattern again.
I'm not saying you
have to do this.
This is just what I believe
that we're going to do.
There are a lot of
concepts on the chakras,
and I'm only giving
one idea about them.
And I'm going to give a very
complex one in a minute.
More complex than what you're
probably just about ever used
to seeing.
And the energy flows
also have other channels.
There's the spiraling energy
connections, and things
that are connected to them too.
But I'm only looking at one way.
Yeah?
>>Could you please name-- you
named the first three chakras,
but you sort of
skipped up to the head.
>>In terms of the octave, we
skip from the naval up to here.
Now we're going to go--
>>What is that called?
>>This is the heart chakra.
But this is not the heart
chakra from my point of view
of universal consciousness.
This is the heart chakra
of an individual portion,
or in other words, of love
from one person to another,
or love for music, or love for
something, but not everything.
Love for everything is
on the pentatonic scale,
which is a more primary scale.
There's five notes,
the black notes.
What we're talking about here
is the white notes of the piano.
And so that fourth one,
relative to that, is up here.
Whereas the one that we're
wanting to actually focus on
is lower than that.
So from my point of
we have two hearts.
We have a heart connection
on the pentatonic scale,
and we have a heart
connection on the octave.
And they're 7.23 centimeters
apart, when we found them.
So this is the heart.
The next one is, if you were
male, it's the Adam's apple.
If you're female, you
don't have an Adam's apple.
And it's right in there,
and that's the fifth one,
and it's the sound current
in terms of the octave.
The next one is up
here between the brow,
but there's really, from
my way of putting here,
you've got three in there.
But really there's
five in there.
There's these three, but
there's one on this side
and there's also another
one in back of that one,
in space behind it.
And the pituitary gland is up
here, it's the one in front.
Usually people talk
about the pituitary gland
as being the third eye.
Not from my point of view.
It is not the third eye at all.
To me, this is the causal
plane of the Hindus.
It's where the geometries
and the mental understandings
of the reality are held.
But you've got to go back
into the pineal gland
in the center of the head,
and that is literally
the third eye.
The pineal gland-- remember
that picture of an eye
that I showed at one point?
It was a round ball?
The pineal gland
looks just like that.
It is an eye.
It's an eyeball.
It is round, it has a lens on
it for receiving light through,
it's hollow, it has color
receptors on it, on the inside,
just like an eye.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Yes, it's to receive
light from above.
Just as these eyes
can see out this way,
but can't see that way, the
pineal gland can see up,
but can't see down.
And so it receives
light from above.
But these eyes see
a certain portion
of the electromagnetic
spectrum; these eyes
see fourth dimensional prana,
it's a different kind of light.
But the eye, I believe, the
pineal gland can look around.
It has a movement.
And if the pineal gland looks
through the pituitary gland,
that's when the psychic
energy is fully turned on.
But if it's looking up, it's
receiving the prana from above.
Like if you look at a
bird, their pineal gland
sits on the top of their head,
with a thin, no more thicker
than your eyelid
over the top of it.
So that it's receiving the light
from above, as it's moving.
>>A baby's soft spot?
>>The soft spot
is where-- that's
where you breathe through.
This is where the
tube comes through.
It's right at the
top of your head.
So when a baby-- this
is an important thing
I don't think I said.
Remember I said that
13,000 years ago we fell,
and when we did we started
breathing like this,
and we didn't take the
prana in here anymore?
So when a woman
has a baby, she's
still breathing like this.
The baby's breathing
in the proper way.
All the way through the
nine months and all the way
after it comes out, it's
breathing in the way
that we're trying
to teach right now.
And so you can look at the
top of the baby's head,
and you'll see this pulsing.
In and out and in and out.
It's bringing the prana in.
And if you were to look
underneath the perineum--
perineum is, on a female,
between the vagina
and the anus, that soft
spot in the middle--
that's where the tube also
runs up through there also.
And it looks like a solid spot
also, just like this does.
But if you really
check a baby, you'll
see that end is also pulsing.
There's a pulsing
from both ends.
And it's breathing
But unfortunately
what happens is,
the mother is a much stronger
field, a much stronger
resonating field.
If you take a whole room
full of these big clocks,
swinging-- what
do you call them?
Pendulum clocks.
You can do this,
science has done this,
you can just take a
whole bunch of them.
And whatever the strongest
clock is, within about an hour,
all the clocks will
be moving with it.
Every one of them in the
room will be doing exactly
in tune with the strongest one.
And so in the same kind of
way, when the baby comes out,
it's breathing properly.
But the mommy's got
the stronger field.
So in about two weeks or so, the
baby quits breathing this way,
and starts with the mommy.
In the same way,
the animals that we
have brought in close to
us, the cows and the horses
and the dogs and the chickens
and all these other things
like that, we
overpower them too.
And very quickly they
start breathing like we do.
But not the deers and the
elks, and the wild things that
have stayed away from us.
Especially things like coyotes,
who are highly advanced.
They know, man, don't
get near the humans.
And they're not doing that.
This is why, again, I
think I mentioned this,
but that's why they graze.
Did I talk about this?
They graze-- if you
notice, when they first
started doing all
their experimentation,
it was first with cows.
And a few horses, a few
dogs, but mostly cows.
Do you remember the cattle
mutilation that took place?
The cattle mutilation took place
primarily over the Colorado,
New Mexico border,
because that's
where their main installation
last, was in Dulce.
They have underground
cities in constellation.
They have them all
over the whole world.
Or they did have.
They don't have them any more.
And the cattle mutilation took
place over the whole planet.
They found cows that
had been mutilated out
on isolated-- just everywhere.
Out on islands and countries
all over the world.
But most of it was done around
Colorado and New Mexico.
And the mutilation,
if you want to call it
that, it was not--
mutilation implies
that they were ripped
apart or something.
This was not a mutilation.
Linda Howe, is the
expert on that.
She works with ABC.
She's done a move on it called
"Strange Harvest," which
was aired on ABC, by the way.
You can still get that
if you really want
to know the story behind this.
I've spent time with
her, talking with her.
And she said that when
they first gave her the--
she got all this money
from ABC to go check
out this cattle
mutilation, which was
a big thing a few years back.
I guess it was in the
'70s, pretty much,
and the '80s, though it
still occasionally happens.
And she just started
investigating it like a murder,
to see who was doing this.
And she went through a lot
of governmental agencies
and police departments
and everything else,
and talked to
direct eye witnesses
and all this other stuff.
Originally, she
thought it was going
to be either some kind of
Satanic cult or the government
themselves or something
else like that doing it.
But the more she checked,
and the more she checked
and the deeper she got, she
goes, it can't be a cult.
I mean, it can't be
some little cult,
it's all over the whole
planet, and it's everywhere.
And on top of that, everything
was done with lasers.
Laser technology.
And super, super,
intelligent laser surgery,
which is only a few people
in the world who can do this.
And there was hundreds
of thousands of cows.
I mean, somebody would have been
real busy doing all this stuff.
And this was-- all they did
is they removed, primary,
their breathing apparatus
and the sexual organs out
of the cows.
Those were the main things
they were interested in,
because it was the sexual energy
and the breathing patterns
that they were mostly
concerned with.
But the thing that got them,
that she knew absolutely
beyond any doubt whatsoever
that it was no one on Earth,
was because they have
found these cows, lots
and lots and lots of
them, not all of them
but almost all of them,
they found them everywhere.
When they do find
these cows, by the way,
they find them with no
trace whatsoever of any way
that they got there.
There's no car tracks,
there's no anything.
There wouldn't even be
a blade of grass touched
anywhere around them at all.
So they had to be
lowered from the air.
What they couldn't explain
is they've even found them
underneath trees, like this,
where the trees are completely
over the top, and still no
signs of anything at all,
and I mean from a-- we're
talking about a police force
going in there and looking for
the slightest little thing.
I mean, just like a murder.
And absolutely no
explanation whatsoever,
because it couldn't even
have come from the air,
because it was under a tree.
And yet still, the main
thing that really got them,
and which is the totally
unsolved murder-- murder.
Unsolved mystery.
Is that they have had
every single red blood
cell drained from them.
We don't have any
technology known
on the planet that can remove
every single last red blood
cell out of a body.
We don't know how to do that.
I mean, we can drain
the blood out of a body,
but it's still totally
saturated with red blood cells.
They won't even find one, not
even one, in the entire body.
And that's when she
began to realize
that this had to be done
from someone off planet.
And since then she's
had tons of evidence,
they've had eyewitnesses,
where they've watched them
come down and do this stuff.
And lots of people
have seen it, with
the same exact descriptions
of what they look like,
what the ships look like.
She's even got the
landing pad things where
they landed a couple times.
And they've got the
photographs of all this stuff,
and everything.
She is utterly totally
convinced who it is,
and it's the Grays who are doing
this, along with about five
or six other cultures that
are working with them.
>>And does the energy run
counterclockwise for females,
of the chakras, and
clockwise for the--
>>No, I believe
that it's-- well,
if you were looking down your
own spine you would find that
it goes clockwise for the
female and counterclockwise
for the male.
>>If the mother is practicing
the prana breathing,
will the baby be able to stay
doing the prana breathing,
or is it--
>>Yeah, we've been able to
demonstrate this-- my one--
[? Mackey, ?] when she had
[? Alina, ?] who is now four
years old, [? Mackey ?]
at the time--
now [? Mackey ?]
is not doing this.
We went through an
interesting change,
which I'm going to share
with you at one time.
But for a long time [? Mackey ?]
was doing the breathing.
At this point she's now become a
Baptist, because of her father.
I can't explain all that stuff.
But while she was doing the
breathing, when [? Alina ?] was
born, Alina's soft spot, it took
almost nine months before she
was influenced by other people.
So when she was eight,
nine months old,
this thing was still pulsing.
It was still going on.
These guys really
had the right idea.
They just put the hole where
you breathe on top of your head.
Make sure that it
never does what we do.
So you can't even
possibly bypass.
So they take their prana
and their air right through,
and it goes right through
their pineal gland.
And so they don't ever--
they can't make that mistake
that we do.
This doorway here, I'm going to
talk about these two doorways.
This doorway here, between
the third and the fourth one,
that one can be opened in
many, many different ways.
But in everyday experience
here in the United States,
probably the way that a lot
of people have been opened up
is in a near death experience.
A near death experience will
show you where that doorway is,
and you find yourself
up in the higher realms.
And you're never the same.
If you don't die, and
you come back through,
you know that there is more
to reality than what you've
been told, and so you will
then-- you will be altered,
completely changed, and
you'll start seeking for that.
It's just an automatic thing.
You can't help it, because
you know there's more.
Once you know, no one can
ever take it away from you.
There's other ways.
The Hindus have
learned a long time ago
how to do that
through meditation.
And so there's things
like Vipassana meditation,
where you sit for 18
hours in a meditation.
And in that kind of
stillness, and the letting go
of all of this world,
you can find the opening
in ways like this.
And there's other
kinds of meditation
that can find this opening
into the higher centers.
Many of the natural
peoples around the world
have used things
like psychedelics.
For example, the American
Indians use peyote.
And the psychedelics will
also open that doorway.
And the Americans
in the 1960s came
across one that changed
the United States forever
and ever and ever, it'll
never be the same after that,
and that was LSD 25.
And that one, 20 million
Americans tried that thing,
and suddenly found
out-- a lot of people
were wiped out from it, also.
Because there was no training,
there was no initiation,
there was no nothing.
But they found out about these
higher dimensional levels,
and of course almost all those
people turned right around
and became very spiritual.
If you go through all the ranks
and files of all the like, Yogi
Bhajan and the Sikhs and
all these things, people
who are not involved in drugs
or anything else at all,
but if you sit them down and
say, how did it all begin?
Because I did, I talked to lots
and lots and lots of people.
Well, I went to this party.
There is a vast difference
in-- there's different kinds,
just like if you
go into a drugstore
there are different
kinds of drugs.
And all the drugs, like cocaine,
which we were talking about
is one of-- Gurdjieff
used to talk about that.
He felt it was the, in
terms of spiritual growth,
it was probably the worst
thing he could possibly do.
Because it enhances the sense
of individualism and ego.
And it's also addicting.
And all of your pleasure drugs,
your opiums and your heroins,
and all these kinds of things,
that's just like, to do these
is like committing
spiritual suicide.
It's really hard to
get back out of that.
And some of them, like crack,
is just about impossible.
>>I can relate to that.
>>It's pretty hard.
But the psychedelics, on the
other hand, are not addicting.
And they have been used
all around the world
by almost every natural
person there are.
The Incas used San Pedro cactus.
The Egyptians, by the
way, though I never
talk about it, though
it's all of their walls,
and papers have been
written about it,
they used a really
powerful one, a mushroom
called amanita muscaria.
And you see it all
over their walls.
So when they put you in
that the final phase,
they put you in a
casket in there.
They also gave you this
mushroom to find this door.
They were looking for you to
get out through the top doorway.
We don't need these
things with this,
with what we're showing here.
You won't need any
drugs or anything all.
This is powerful
enough all by itself.
You'll be able to experience
the things directly
without anything at
all, absolutely clean.
But we have to explain
what the rest the world is.
Can't just totally close
your eyes to all this stuff.
>>Just to comment on
the Reiki attunements
seem to have done that
for many, many people.
It was that consciousness shift,
and it opened their worlds.
And secondly, I work with
cocaine addicted women,
and I teach them to
meditate from their hearts
to their babies.
And I have found that that has
been the key to helping them
with their addictions, is
being in that heart space,
and empowering them
in that heart space.
And it's totally gotten them
off of the cocaine and substance
abuse.
Which is a doorway.
>>Yeah.
Cocaine is-- you can
get off of that one.
It's possible.
Certain ones, though
are really hard.
Heroin is really hard.
It's, well-- I've never
tried any of those things,
but I've seen so many people.
And it's just-- it's really hell
for them to get out of there.
But it's not a
spiritual-- you're not
going to find a way
to the higher worlds
through those things, for sure.
You're just not going to do it.
Anyway, there has to be,
as Gurdjieff would say,
there has to be some
kind of outside source.
This is what he means by a near
death experience or meditation
or a psychedelic or
something that shows you
the way up into
these higher-- finds
this doorway, this opening.
It's an opening in you
that gets up there.
Then once you get up
there, there's another one.
And this is what the
Merkaba is all about,
to show you this
doorway right here.
It's a meditation
that will show you how
to get up into the next levels.
And we're going to do that,
we believe, as a planet.
We have kind of chosen a way.
Though there are other ways.
And that way has to do--
the different worlds are all
separated by 90 degrees.
>>I wonder if you could make
comments about individuals
that I'm aware of, and I'm sure
many in the room are aware of,
who are not necessarily going
up, from the base on up,
but have come fully
into their heart,
with their heart fully open.
>>You mean born that way?
>>Born that way.
And they have to deal with
maintaining their consciousness
and staying connected
with the earth,
and have to deal
with actually being--
I cannot tell you how many
people cross my path who are
in that space, so
fully in their heart,
and they have to learn to
be connected with the earth,
and then bring in the
information and integrate it
with it here.
They're already open.
And so if you could
comment on that place.
>>It's just called wisdom.
It takes time.
I don't really know.
I mean, it's hard because
we live in a world
from like Wilhelm Reich, if
you're familiar with his work.
He pretty much just saw
that there was a disease.
His way of looking at
it was that there was
a disease that swept the world.
And that we're not
in a normal state.
So what happens is,
in a normal state,
we're a little-- we
come into this world
and we have an open heart.
When we first come in, we're
just children, we're babies.
We just want to love each other.
But the world's already
sick from his point of view.
So this little
innocent little baby
walks up to another
little kid and says, hi.
And the little kid goes, wham.
And the little innocent
one goes, whoa.
And what happens is,
there's a constriction
of your nervous system.
And the pain that you felt
from that while your heart was
open-- because it's very painful
to have something like that
happen-- you hide it in
your muscles somewhere.
And you stick it down
in some muscle down
in there, which tightens up,
so you don't have to feel it.
And also there's
constriction here.
There's also an area in your
aura that gets toughened,
you might say.
And there's an aura in
your crystalline structure,
out here, out in the
furthest realms out here,
that gets a distortion in it.
The distortion could be
a hole or a little bump
or a plane or something
else like that.
Which we were actually able
to pick up with the computers.
And so this just
keeps happening,
until finally we
end up with what
Reich calls an armor around us.
We get this toughened
up shell around us.
So you could do anything, man.
Doesn't hurt you anymore.
Because your heart's closed
up and you're closed off.
And so much of
Reich's work was how
to live, exactly the thing--
how do you live in this world
with all this stuff that's
coming at you all the time,
that's not nice, and
still keep an open heart?
And that is a really-- I mean,
that's kind of the question.
How do you do this?
The Merkaba will, if you can get
into the Merkaba and know it,
then you can insulate
yourself in such a way
that you can keep
your heart open
and the things won't bother you.
But if the person doesn't
know that then-- well,
Reich did figure out a
system, at least from someone
who is already armored.
He figured out a
system called ergonomy,
and it's the finest
system that I've ever
seen of healing that
I've ever met, ever seen.
In fact, I experimented
with it a long time
ago, I went with it for a year
and a half to see what it was,
and it was extraordinary.
Reich didn't know about
the chakra system,
except that he had developed
mirrors that would reflect life
force energy, and was able to
calculate it and measure it
in instruments that
could measure it.
And so he discovered that there
were these centers in the body.
He gave them other
names, I don't remember.
He didn't know about the
Eastern philosophy beliefs.
And in the beginning
he figured out
how to open these things,
because they found
them all constricted, enclosed.
And he figured out how
to open them, [INAUDIBLE]
open the bottom
one, but that when
he got to the second one, which
was the sexual energy, which
allow the Kundalini
and all this energy
to rise-- then when he
opened that one up, I think
it was several people died.
I mean, they died of an orgasm.
It's a great way to go, I guess.
It was so much energy that
it just blew everything out.
And so he started by saying,
well, I'll go to the top.
He didn't even realize,
I guess, a lot was there.
He went to the eyes.
And he learned how
to unlock the eyes.
Because our eyes
are locked, also.
Our eyes can't move very well.
Our eye energy, because
of this stuff that
has been going on from the time
we were conceived of, and even
in the womb, all the
way out, and especially
all the way up between
the time you're
conceived up to about 12 years
old, that's when most of it
happens, your eyes get locked.
You can't really move them.
And they'll have you
spin your eyes like this,
where you can spin them around.
You can get them
going whack, this way,
and whack, back the other way.
And get them loosened
up and working around.
And then he opened up
this chakra down here.
And then they
started coming down.
They opened up all the
centers, and then they
open up the sexual center.
And found that it
didn't kill people then,
that they can handle the energy.
But then after they did that,
then they found that once
they got the central column
opened up and everything
and you could handle
the kind of flows,
then they tried to deal with
the actual armor itself.
And the experience
is remarkable.
I went through with a
group of about 30 people.
And we all have real
similar expenses.
Uh, expenses.
It was expensive.
About $120 an hour.
Experiences.
You'd lay on this table
in a soundproof room.
And my doctor was a woman.
You lay there, you
take your clothes off.
But she wasn't really
looking at the body,
she's looking at the aura,
and the way the energy fields
come out of the body.
And you'd just be
sitting there, just
laying there on this
thing, and she'd just
be sitting over there.
And she'd look at you for
about 10 or 15 minutes,
and she'd watch and
watch and watch.
And then she'd just go over
to somewhere near your body
and go, pop.
And that was it.
Really, that's all she did, just
make a little circle like that.
Usually a little
tiny one like that.
And you'd be sitting there,
and all of a sudden, this wave
would come up.
And within a few
seconds, whatever
it was that she just
released, whatever
that pain was that you felt,
that you tried to hide before,
comes up.
And you can't stop it.
And it's uncontrollable, and
it just starts coming out.
And it's just like
in waves that are
so-- I'm sure these
waves are every bit as
strong as childbirth.
It's so powerful.
And they come up
and they come up,
and they'll keep coming
up for about an hour
to an hour and a half,
sometimes two hours.
Until they finally
start receding.
And you feel what an
incredible pain you felt
when you were a little baby.
And then when it's all over
you feel like you're floating.
I always wanted to see if I was
actually off the table or not,
but I couldn't move
anything, so I couldn't tell.
But I was sure I was floating,
because I felt so good.
It felt so good to get that out.
And they would do
that every week.
I remember I used
to ride motorcycles,
and I'd drive to this thing.
But when I came home
it was like flying.
Felt just every turn, you could
be so sensitive to everything.
But then just within one
week, just in one week,
you'd start to go
back, you would
start to desensitize
again, and they'd
have to go through
it all over again.
Until they finally break
down all these energy things,
and you could begin to breathe.
And so the only thing
I know-- I don't really
know what to tell you,
except that the connection
with a higher self, if they
can make that connection,
and you can get
in trust, then you
know that you're beyond this.
You know that
you're immortal, you
know that you're
not going to die,
you know that you can
survive all this stuff.
And you know that you're more
powerful than the disease.
Then you can keep
your heart open.
Let's just have three
people sitting on a hilltop.
And a UFO flies
right up to them.
A real one comes
And one person
says, look at this.
Holy cow, it's
only 10 feet away.
And the other two go,
I don't see anything.
And you could say to yourself,
how can that possibly be?
That a real object
can be sitting there,
and they look right through
it as though it's not there.
We had an actual
recorded incident
in history, recorded in
history, of this exact thing,
very similar.
And it was the--
what's it called?
Magellan?
Circum-navigator?
Yeah, he landed somewhere
in South America.
With all these big sail ships.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Well, it's a real
important story to realize,
if there's even one person
here who hasn't heard it.
These big sail ships landed
out, you know, the big ones
with the huge ships,
came in as close
as they could to the shore,
to somewhere in South America.
I think it was around
Chile, actually.
And they got in these row
boats and came ashore.
And when they did, they were
met by all these Indians,
this whole tribe of Indians.
And they were all standing
there on the shore,
trying to communicate,
probably, all
that stuff, how'd you get here?
And Magellan was
trying to tell them
they came with these
big ships, which
are just like right there.
You can see them right there.
The Indians couldn't
see those ships.
They could see the
boats they came in on,
but they could
not see the ships.
They saw right through them.
They weren't visible to them.
Except for two or three
of them, and those
were the medicine men.
Who are used to working in
fourth dimensional levels.
And those guys
could see the ships.
But for the ordinary
people, there
wasn't anything in
that water, because it
was beyond their imagination.
It was simply beyond
their imagination.
They could see the
boats they came in on,
that wasn't really
beyond their imagination.
But not the ships.
And it's exactly the same
thing today with UFOs.
If it's beyond your
ability to accept,
or beyond your imagination,
you won't see it.
Your mind will just erase it.
It's the same way with
sounds and things like that.
We've got all kinds
of sounds, moving
through this building, high
pitched, squeak, real loud.
All kinds of sounds.
We just erase all that stuff.
We don't want to hear it.
This is another way that
we can block things out.
We don't want to see something.
And so a lot of
your angelic realms
and your ETs and UFOs and all
this kind of stuff like that.
It's whether or not you can
accept it, if your belief
patterns will allow it in.
And then even if
you can allow it in,
is it beyond your imagination?
Can you perceive
of something that's
so far outside of
your imagination
that you can't even
conceive of it?
Area 39 doesn't know how
to function without it.
Just doesn't turn on.
>>I have a question
about the heart chakra
and the importance of it
when we do the exercise,
and how important it is that
you said to have an open heart.
Now for people who have
a problem with that,
because you know since
childhood they may have closed
their heart, what type-- are
there any exercises besides,
OK, looking at the two dots--
>>Well, those kind-- that's
not going to be enough.
If you've got real problems
with your emotional body,
then to really work
with it it's going
to be an area that you may
have to go out and seek
help or something to
start working with.
A lot of things
out there, again,
the ergonomy is one of
the finest ones, well,
waveform will help you.
But if you've got
emotional blocks,
if you've got physical,
emotional blocks
and things out there,
you need to somehow work
with this stuff.
I'm going to bring my
nephew in here tonight.
For about 15 minutes
I'll let him talk to you.
He's not the only one that
does these kinds of things.
Let me just put out
a little bit here.
There are various ways
to work with this.
You could go through something
like what I did with ergonomy,
or there's Rolfing.
See, the Rolfing, for
example, what they discovered
was that you've got the
blocks out here and in here,
but they're also in the muscles.
And so Ida Rolf decided, well,
let's just go inside there
and go directly to it, which
is little more painful.
But that's another way that
you can approach getting rid
of some of these things.
There are other ways too,
and there's lots of them.
And there's one
that's been developed
in the last few years, which
is called hypnotherapy,
that is reaching it's kind
of maturity right about now.
For a while they
were kind of learning
what all this was about.
And so one of the things that--
one of the problems a lot
of people have--
first of all, just
to kind of explain real
quickly what Ken does,
or people like Ken.
The first thing they
do, like what Ken does,
is he lays you down, he touches
you and you go into a trance.
Just like that.
Only it's a different
kind of trance than what
you would normally think of.
And you communicate usually
through your fingers,
because that's about
all you can move.
And the very first thing
that he'll do is go in there
and make direct contact
with all these entities
that are in you, if you have
any, and almost everybody does.
And that is a
remarkable experience,
to have them talk
through you, while you're
sitting there listening.
And these things start
snarling up your face
and growling at him, and
all this other stuff.
You can't believe this is coming
out of you or someone else.
And he'll go right in
there and get them all.
They'll come out and
give their names.
It's interesting, you ask how
long they've been in there.
I've watched him
do about 40 people,
and I couldn't believe this.
It makes the whole hair on
the back of you next stand up.
And he'll come in there
and get-- they'll come in
and they'll talk through, and
he'll find out who they are.
And then he'll ask how
long they've been in there,
and you'll hear these things,
8,000 years, 10,000, 500,
you know, long periods
of time they've been
connected with that person.
Just to explain it,
that's what he does.
He takes the-- I don't
know what he does any more.
He used to make
this golden pyramid.
We actually saw this
happen, when he first
began this years and years ago.
He would get the
entity to come out,
and someone else would be at
the end of the room watching,
you'd go, boom.
And the entity would start
talking after that person.
You know, and he'd have to run
over there and get that one.
So they learned to make
this golden octahedron,
and then he brings the
angelic realms down.
He used to, I don't know
what he does any more.
And that would bring the entity
and lift it out of the body
and take it into the
proper dimensional level.
And you would see a total
change in the person's face.
It's just like, you're
there by yourself now.
But sometimes it's not just one.
I remember one lady had
down there-- just list
little old sweet little lady.
She said, I don't know if I
really believe in this stuff.
And lay down.
And holy cow.
I mean, these things
just kept coming out
and coming out and coming out.
It was like 30 or 40 of them.
They just kept coming out.
Totally different voice,
totally different expression,
different names, and he
just kept pulling them out.
If you've had a lot of certain
drugs, especially like heroin,
things like this, you
could have like 100 or more
in there, because you
really lay yourself open
for certain things like this.
But anyway, that's
the first level.
He'll go through and get
all those things out,
if you have any.
The next thing is, if you
have very definite blocks
from past lifetimes, things that
have happened to you that you
still hold, the real
traumatic things, like you got
your head cut off or your hands
cut off, or stabbed, or shot,
or blown up, or these
kinds of things,
you'll usually hold those
energies in yourself,
around you.
And Ken can just go
over and feel them.
He doesn't lead you
there, or say anything,
he'll just feel them,
and say, what's here?
You'll immediately go back
to the time, and be there.
And he will work through those
things and get rid of them
one by one.
So once he gets all
the things out of you
and then works through all
the past life stuff, which
takes a while, then
you're in a position
where you can start working
with the emotional stuff that
has occurred in this lifetime.
And then once you went
through all that karmic stuff,
then usually what's
been happening lately
is something real incredible.
And I'm not going to
tell you what it is.
Maybe let him see
what he says about it.
I don't know.
I don't want to bring it
up unless-- it's something
you wouldn't really
think is occurring.
And it seems to be happening
with hypnotherapists
all over the place, not
just him, lots of them.
But this is not, this is
not my expertise or my area.
In fact, I don't even like
to be in the same room
when this guy's working.
Or in the same city,
if I can help it.
Somebody's got to do
it, and he loves it.
I don't know how he does it.
He loves to get in there and
do battle and do these things.
So I don't know.
You can talk to him
when he gets here.
It sounds like a
more than 15 minutes.
I may lose the group here.
But it is a real important
part of all of this.
And it's a very,
very deep subject.
There's a lot to it.
I mean, we've just slightly
covered the whole subject.
But this all started with--
Liz was talking about how
to keep your heart open.
And it is a real, it
is the whole thing.
I mean, even if you're totally
healed, you got it all,
there you are, totally
healed and everything, you've
got to figure out how to be
able to move through this world
and not let it happen again.
And the Merkaba will
do a great deal of this
once you can get to the
level where you can actually
create the Merkaba, and a
living Merkaba field around you.
You'll be OK after that.
You could move right
through anything,
you can go right in through
the middle of anything.
It doesn't make any
difference at all.
And it won't affect you.
No spirits could come in
you, none of these things.
Nobody can direct thoughts at
you, nobody can do anything.
And they can't harm you in
any of those kinds of ways.
But we've got to get there.
That's the part, is
this last little bit
of how to get that
field truly created
around every single person.
>>So once you've
created the Merkaba,
if you haven't gone through
any of these processes
to release these entities,
wouldn't the lightning and the
energy be so great
that they would simply
be driven off at that point?
>>Well, if you haven't cleared
yourself of all these things,
and you've got entities and
you're doing the Merkaba work,
you're going to be real limited.
I don't think the
Merkaba will be--
it'll never get
to the place where
it's a living field on its own.
And whether or not you have
really created that thing,
I don't think you're going to
be able to do that until you're
clear on all those
kinds of levels.
You've got to work
through all that stuff.
This is an extraordinary
state we are in here.
This is not normal,
it's not natural,
this doesn't normally
happen in nature.
Normally we're like
little babies that
get to grow up nice
and clean and easy,
and all the way through,
and we have the Merkaba
all the way through
from the beginning.
And we don't have
all these kinds
of incredible negative
distortions and things that are
being flown at us all the time.
>>Couldn't a person kind of
bootstrap themselves and just
make such a solid connection
with their higher self
and go through such a solid
series of affirmations
and whatever, that they can
just drive those things away
and reclaim their sovereignty?
>>You have the
ability to do anything
at all, if you believe it.
And if you really trust and
feel the power of yourself, yes,
you can do anything at all.
You can heal anything, you
can solve any problems at all.
But if you don't think
you can, and maybe
all your life you haven't,
when you do make content
with higher self, higher self,
realizing you're kind of stuck,
may say, why don't you go
talk to this guy over here,
or something like that.
But the truth is, you always--
you have God within you.
The creator, who created
everything in existence,
including the demons and
everything else, is within you,
is you, really, on
the deepest level.
There is nothing
that you cannot do,
but only if you can get to
that place where you can truly
believe in yourself and who
you are, and take action.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>That's right.
And even the reality itself.
Higher self can actually
warp the very reality itself
in all kinds of ways
that you might not even
imagine right now.
And it's going to
lead into a point
where we're going to talk about
the ankh, and their concepts
and ideas a little bit on
that, on what they meant
by it was the key to life.
I can't go into this
in great detail.
But again, I'm just laying
out little keys and pieces
and things here,
and you're going
to have to go deeper within your
own self to find full opening.
Now almost all
these subjects, you
could sit here
and talk for days.
And all I can do is just
kind of cross over them.
So this chakra
system is pretty much
what you see in most books
and things like that.
But in music it's
not just an octave.
There are the five
black keys on a piano,
so there's really 13 notes.
And what we found
purely from science
was when we were checking
the chakra system,
is that there are 13
chakras running up the body.
And that the chakras
are topographically,
on the body, 7.23
centimeters apart.
And you can take
your-- from the tip
of your nose to the tip of
your chin, or across your eyes
if you want to jab them out.
But you can take--
this one's easier.
Take the tip of your nose
to the tip of your chin
to get that distance.
You got to lay down on the
bed or something like this.
You can try this.
You put one finger
at the perineum,
and then just come
up around, then
where that hits in the body,
if you went straight in,
is where the second
chakra's going to be.
And then when you come up the
same distance from that point
again, and you can try
this, when you come back up,
your thumb is going to go
right inside your navel.
Which is where the third one is.
And then when you come
up again, to here,
it's going to come up
to the solar plexus.
It'll hit right in the
mouth of the solar plexus.
And you come up--
which is the fourth.
And you come up again, and
this is the sternum chakra,
number five.
And again, you
come to the heart.
And when you do
it again, you come
right to the Adam's apple, which
is number five, six, seven.
And then from the Adam's apple,
it will come to the chin.
The chin as a chakra.
The Hindus do about it.
The only one that
really gets into it--
the one who thinks it's very,
very important is Yogi Bhajan.
He talks about the importance
of the chin chakra.
And from there it goes to
the tip of the nose, which
is another chakra.
This is eight, nine,
and from here, it
will go to the third eye, which
we're familiar with, which
is number 10.
And from 10, it goes to what
we call a 45-degree chakra.
It's at an angle.
It comes down in here,
which is actually
connected to the pineal
gland also, which is 11,
and then from there to the top
of the head, which is sometimes
called the crown
chakra, number 12.
And number 13 is over
the top of the head.
There's also a mini
chakra from the top
of the chin to the top of
the head, another one, which
you saw on him.
They're closer together.
I'll show you that
one in just a moment.
And according to the Egyptians,
there's not one chakra there,
but there's five in a row.
There's five total
different channels.
And the five rotate up
from one chakra to the next
by 90 degrees.
They ratchet.
The first one is this
way, then this way.
Then if I can move my hand
around, then this way, then
this way-- click,
click, click-- just
like-- remember the
drawing of light?
Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch.
Well, that drawing of light
happens to be exactly--
that's this one.
Somebody's moved it around.
Here it is.
This one here.
I don't have it on
the screen right now,
but this one is an area-- if you
were to look at a human being
from above, that
happens to be one
of the patterns of the
complex patterns of the body
and the sharpest move
according to light,
exactly the way light
moves, moving up there,
each one being 90 degrees
away from the next one, 7.23
centimeters apart.
And so there's five
channels, and I'm
going to describe what they are.
And I'm then just going
to very lightly show you
how the body conforms to
these rotating patterns
as it moves up.
You'll intuitively
see what I'm saying.
I mean, you could sit down and
very carefully work it all out
and see a lot more
than that, but this
will be enough, I think, to get
an idea of what the body does.
The first channel is
at the perineum itself,
and it goes straight
up the body,
absolutely straight as an arrow.
It is this big around.
If you take your thumb
and middle, longest finger
and connect it together,
the size of that opening,
if you had some object that you
can just lightly put around,
that's how big around
that is, the tube,
and it is as straight
as a fluorescent tube.
It stretches all the
way up into the top
of the crystalline
structure above your head
and below your feet.
It runs all the way up
through the whole body.
And so you just have
this straight shot
from top to bottom.
This is the base
of the spine here.
But that one keeps on going all
the way down to below the feet.
Now, I have no choice here.
I have to be a little graphic in
order to describe these things.
If you're looking from
underneath a person,
whether it's male or female,
there's the central tube.
And these tubes are
like overlapping.
They're large energy tubes, and
they're overlapping like this,
like a Pisces, OK?
So it would be
like five circles,
but they're overlapping.
They're bigger that they
overlap over top of each other.
You go back from the
perineum back to the anus,
and it is another channel.
And it moves up the spine,
not in a straight line,
but it moves like this.
And then directly
behind the anus,
you go back to the coccyx.
You have a spinal
column coming down,
and you have the sacrum,
which is a triangle,
and off the a sacrum is this
little tube that comes down,
which comes down and
meets on the same plane
as the anus and the perineum.
And you have your
entire spinal column
is focused at that point.
And there's this
whole thing, which
I don't know if want to get
into it a whole lot right now,
but let me see if I've got
it here, this one here.
An angle creates an actual
measurable frequency.
It's in megahertz
that you can measure.
So does a rod like this.
If you have a rod, there
is a standing wavelength
that will come from tip to tip.
And you can measure the
frequency coming off of it.
If you shorten it, you're going
to get a higher wavelength,
shorter wavelength but
higher frequency off of that,
and you can measure
coming off of both tips.
People have done that.
This is DJ Nelson's work.
And they have all only
put one more thing.
With every rod length,
there is an angle.
So anything that has
a sharp point on it
like that has a frequency
that you can measure,
that comes off of it,
just by its shape.
And so from 0 to 360 degrees,
there is a different frequency.
And these are all
listed on here.
There's pages and
pages of this of all
the different frequencies
that come off of there.
And with every angle, there is
a rod length associated with it.
So you can either
use a rod or an angle
to produce these things.
And if you look, what
the Egyptians used,
though, was primarily rods.
And they did everything.
The Egyptian philosophy
could do anything and just
about everything you can
imagine with just a stick.
They were just made out of wood.
We've looked at over 200 of
these and took photographs.
They were usually
just made out of wood.
It doesn't make any difference
what it's made out of.
Do you remember-- was it Moses
took his thing down and turned
it into a snake?
And the thing of thy rod and
thy staff will comfort thee.
It was an ancient science
that we've long forgotten.
But you can do-- we
were studying this,
and they would put, again,
these tuning forks it in,
which was another thing, and
these various things that
can go on the top.
Like one of them was an ankh.
One of them was
the 45-degree one.
These various things
are going on there.
They put an ankh on
there, by the way.
And you strike the rod.
What happens is it
just keeps increasing
because it circulates the
energy back into the rod again,
which is one of the
keys about which we
were about to talk about.
Anyway, the spine comes
down, and then here's
this angle, this triangle
coming off of there.
I tried to find someone
who could figure out
what that angle is.
I figured somebody must
have measured it in books,
some doctor somewhere.
I don't think anybody's ever
thought about it because we
couldn't find anywhere.
We looked through
all kinds of stuff.
We couldn't find it.
Finally we had to go
get a couple skeletons,
you know, these real
ones that they use.
And we got one male and one
female, and looked at them,
and just best we could try
to measure what it was at.
And it was right at 52 degrees.
And we don't know for sure,
just measuring two of them.
But it was real
close to 52 degrees.
And we're thinking
probably, just
because it is so close to it,
that's the angle the Great
Pyramid is 52.
51 and 51 minutes.
Almost two degrees.
It may be related to that.
Because we do have the
actual entire shape
of the Great Pyramid around
our body in its perfection.
Anyway, the whole spinal
column comes down here
and focuses on this point.
And it has a flow of
energy up the chakra.
Not up the spine, but
up the chakra system.
It swings wide.
It goes like this.
Like that.
That's with your male or female.
If your female than the
one in front of that
is the vagina, and the one in
front of that is the clitoris.
If you're male
instead of the vagina
it's the opening
inside the scrotum.
And instead of the
clitoris it's the penis.
But the first one, the vagina
opening comes like this.
And the clitoris or
penis is a wider swing.
It comes out like
this to go up there.
Now we have to turn each
one of these by 90 degrees.
So this one's facing that way.
This one's facing out.
This one's facing back.
This one's facing that way.
You understand?
Does everybody
understand what I mean?
You turn each one so you
make this pattern going up
like that.
Now, I'll just show you
what I mean by where they
have these angular directions.
Everything at the
base of the spine
is all flowing in this
direction and out that way
towards the front.
You have a full direction going
out that way and in this line.
You've got the
coccyx coming down.
And you have the anus, and
the perineum, and the vagina.
The vagina is a vesica picsis,
and it's flowing that way also.
You have the penis which
also moves that way,
and the opening of the penis
is also a vesica picsic,
moving that way.
Everything is line facing
out that direction.
And then this whole thing comes
up, 7.23 centimeters, rotates.
And if it's male it
would go this way.
If it's female it'd
rotate that way.
It goes over this way.
And at which point we'll
just pick one thing.
Right at that level
right in there
you see the ovaries come
out like this over here.
The next one comes up
and rotates this way.
Now you have a directional
going this way at the navel.
And you can see the umbilical
cord coming up that way again.
It'll come up again one more
time to the solar plexus.
The solar plexus is a vesica
picsis facing this way, out
like that.
It's just like a little
mouth, only it's facing out
in this direction here.
And then it rotates one
more time to right here.
This is a very special place.
And the reason that it's
a very special place
is because it's the
place of completion.
The first one was
pointing this way.
[INAUDIBLE] that
the front of it.
The next one pointed
over this way.
That's the second chakra.
The third chakra at the
navel pointed this way.
The fourth one at the solar
plexus pointed this way.
And the fifth one,
here, points back.
It comes full circle.
And so this is the first time
that this one here has both.
It has the awareness
of all planes now.
And so this place is real
special, the fifth one.
The first musical octave is five
notes, the pentatonic scale,
also.
So it hits right here.
And this one has both.
And so you see the breasts
are separated this way.
But they also go that
way at the same time.
Right here is that spot
that we're talking about,
right in the center of
that place, right there,
which is the place of
Christ's consciousness.
And in that spot, if you
drew the line coming down
the center, which I don't
have on this one here,
you would see what appears
to be like a Christian cross.
You see it?
The top of this line here, and
imagine a line coming straight
down the middle
would be the cross.
That's an actual energy
field line that's there.
But the cross is
not, like a Christian
cross you think of it being
going like this, which is-- OK.
You think of this
like that, which
is the energy field of that.
But because of what we
just talked about of this,
it also has a line
coming out from there.
So there's an arm of
energy that comes out
in the tetrahedranal field.
It goes out this way and out the
back, as well as out that way.
And so if you were to look
at it from above looking down
what you would see is this.
OK.
So everybody get that?
Both of these are
symbols for Christ.
They're both different views
of marking the same place.
What it took the Egyptians
a long time to realize,
and was one of the primary
keys to their unfoldment,
was as they studied
these energy fields very,
very carefully was that if
you were to look at the human
from the front at that
particular chakra,
this is what you see.
If you look at it from the
top, that's what you see.
But if you look at
it from the side,
if you come over here
and look at that,
then you see an arm
coming out into space
and going into the back.
So the bottom part of
it would look like this.
In other words, you
wouldn't see this arm.
This arm would become a dot.
But the arm that comes out into
space would look like that.
Does everybody see that so far.
But this top arm here has
another component to it.
And it was not known
for a long time.
But the component is a
curve that passes through,
that goes from here through
the 13th chakra and back again.
And that curve looks like
this, which is called the ankh.
Now, if you were to rotate
the ankh in its full 3D
and turn it again, it
would look like this.
From this view, and these
two are exactly the same
if you look at
this one this way.
But that ankh, which
is a curve, actually
becomes a straight line
when seen from the side.
Now, there is a line running
through the middle of this,
like that.
And I'm going to show
you one more symbol now,
which you'll realize is
another symbol for Christ.
And it will probably tie
all these things together.
You've probably seen this one.
You've seen this one?
>>Mm-hm.
>>Who hasn't?
Who's never seen that?
>>[INAUDIBLE]
It's a very Catholic symbol.
>>It's a very Catholic symbol.
Right.
So it's about as
Christian as you can get.
Well, if you think
[INAUDIBLE] I retract that.
Heh, heh.
It depends on who you are.
But it goes way back there.
And it's showing the cross,
the three dimensionality
of that point, the line
running up the middle,
and the piece of the
ark that is on there.
It's showing all three of these
things combined into one image.
So if you asked a Christian
priest what that meant
I'd really doubt if
they could tell you.
All they'd know is
that it's a symbol.
It's an old symbol.
And here's another thing
I want to read to you.
This is from Richard
Newton's book, May 5, 2000,
whatever it is.
In the ancient Greek alphabet
the letter P symbolically
represented a man,
number one, who
having overcome his lowest
nature, his sexual center,
joined his emotional
nature, his heart center,
with his intellectual
center in his physical body.
And P thus represented a man
in control of his physical,
emotional, and mental nature.
Just the letter P itself.
And so many of the Greek
people who understood this
changed their names to
start with the letter
P, such as Pythagoras, and
Plato, and Plenum, Prometheus
and many, many others.
They all changed their name
to begin with that letter
P because of the relationship
of what it meant to what
we're about to talk about.
OK.
What I'm about to tell you is
what it's really all about.
And I studied for two years
with Thoth and his wife
and studying tantra.
And this is not my job here
to go deeply into this.
I just want to remind
you of something.
And you can remember it later.
But many of the
Hindu systems feel
that if the male ejaculates that
they have died a little bit.
And so there's this
whole thing where
he's not supposed to do that.
And they have either
invented, if they are true
or not, these
particular tubes that
are supposed to take this
up and bring it up around.
No one's ever found these tubes.
And whether it's known it's
even true, I don't know.
But according to
Egyptian philosophy,
they don't feel that
that is necessary at all.
The problem is in terms
of pure electronics
is that at the moment
the male or the female
has orgasm the energy will
either be sent up or down.
Some people sent it
down believe it or not.
But what happens is it
goes to one of the poles,
either to the north
or the south pole.
And if you do that you
do die a little bit.
You ground out that energy,
and you just lost it.
And to continue that process
from an Egyptian point of view
leads to death.
However, there is
a way that it can
be done where it does
not lead to death,
and in fact it does
just the exact opposite.
Instead of losing
energy it causes
you to gain energy and
increase your strength
and your spiritual nature.
And so without going into the
complexity of this whole thing,
because they made you learn
how to do it through all
these systems, just thinking
of the central tube running
at the middle, they
would train in such a way
that at the moment of orgasm you
would control the energy coming
up until it got to
this chakra right
here, which happens to be
right where the ankh is.
And then you would send
the energy out the back.
Which is the meaning of you must
receive the ankh from behind.
It won't work going
out the front.
The polarity is such
that it doesn't work.
And so it goes out the back.
It comes around.
It goes through
this point, which is
where the top of the head is.
And it curves down.
And the energy comes right
back to the same place
again, and puts the energy
right back into your system,
and actually strengthens
rather than weakens.
And there's all
kinds of thoughts,
even in Egyptian thought,
of exactly how to do this,
in terms of controlling
and these kinds of things.
And I'm not going to
get into all of that.
But I do want you
to be aware of it.
And if you start
experimenting you probably
will remember very
quickly something,
because it's ancient.
It's very, very ancient.
But that was the real
hidden Egyptian meaning
behind what that is about.
Just to go on this
a little bit more,
the Egyptian idea
of tantra, which
I started to talk about
before, is so complex.
It's hardly imaginable.
It's no wonder it took
them 12 years to even begin
to get through it.
They saw that there was eight
different personalities.
Remember I talked about that?
Didn't I?
Associated with the
eight original cells,
and associated with the
eight electrical circuits.
And their idea of
reincarnation is that, OK,
I'm focused in here right now.
Well, that means that I've
got my little grid arranged
around my body in
such a way that I
have one of the
personalities that is opened.
But they would teach them
how to rotate this grid,
or spin this grid
around to other ones.
And a totally completely
different person steps forward.
It's very interesting.
And we've done experiments
with several people on this.
It is very, very
interesting, I'll tell you.
And each one of you has four
females and four males in you.
And in each case you'll have
an older male, a little bit
younger, a little bit
younger, and usually one
that in most people kind
of is about a teenager.
And then you'll have an
older female, et cetera,
all the way down to teenager.
And so what happens
is the first time
you ever come to Earth you
have to first go around
and hit all eight.
You'll tend to rotate
to all eight places.
I've only been here twice.
Only one other lifetime.
I just got here.
And so I've only got two places
on my cube that are activated.
But you'll first go
through all eight places.
And then you might
come to one, and you
may run down that one for a
certain number of lifetimes,
and then switch to
another one, and do
another certain
number of lifetimes,
and then switch to another one.
And so you're trying to complete
yourself in all these eight
different possible ways.
And the Egyptians have you
work with the sexual energy.
We're just talking about
sexual energy flow in this one.
But they have you work
not only with the flow,
but with the polarities
within yourself.
The male, female,
eight personality
flows within your own self.
And simultaneously with
the five different flows
that are moving up
here, associated
with each one of those.
And then all of the
possible sexual polarities.
And there are 64 of them
according to the Egyptians.
Which the yi-ching happens
to be an exact mirror
of their philosophy.
And if you notice
yi-ching, it goes
from male to female, male
to female, male to female,
each one of them.
And they're all
associated in there.
And it's a very complex system.
It takes them a long time.
When they finally get to the
very end of this whole thing,
at the very end of the
school after 12 years,
they bring them in
there, and whoever's
in that body, whichever
personality's out there,
by this time they know how to
move and rotate this thing.
And that takes real skill
in learning how to do that.
And they will have
them then bring
forth in very rapid
succession all
eight of the beings
of themselves,
all the eight
components at once.
They have a conference.
At which point they
compare within themselves,
or within yourself, what
you've learned in this way.
So in other words, you
have eight different things
coming out here, each
one being a lifeline.
So in other words, if
you were to go back
into your past lives,
you're almost certainly
going only back
into one of them.
You've got seven other
lines going out there
that you may not even
know that are even there.
And as long as you keep this
thing fixed in that one place
you're not going to
know they're there,
no matter how much hypnotherapy
or anything else you got.
It's not accessible
through hypnotherapy.
The whole circuit has to change.
And so they will bring
them all in at once,
and then they all kind of
compare their experiences
and what needs to be worked
on and everything else
like this to find this balance
in the cube, in this aspect.
That was the emotional balance.
This is what they did.
It was very, very,
very complex work.
I worked with it for
two years, and it was so
complex I couldn't believe it.
Yeah.
>>That wouldn't be
the multi-personality
created by most people?
>>It is.
In most cases, unless
you're possessed
and this kind of thing,
assuming you're clean
and you don't have
anybody in there,
then all you gotta do is
you could be sitting here,
and if you know how, just turn
your field, just rotate it.
You could be sitting in there.
And all you gotta do is if
you were looking out there,
just rotate your field, like
that, to another one over here.
And you won't believe
what will happen.
A whole different person will
step forth out of your body.
Which is really you.
It's not a different person.
It's a different aspect of your
spirit, a different reflection,
a different series
of experiences
that that part has experienced.
Wow.
Look at those hands
going up everywhere.
[LAUGHTER]
>>She's got it I guess.
>>The other question was about
raising the sexual energy
and ankhing it.
Is that something that's
done during the entire time
of making love, or is
that something that's
done at the time of orgasm.
>>It's only done at
the moment of orgasm.
>>Do you take the ankh?
If I show you your ankh
I can explain to you
better what the question
is that I've got.
>>OK.
I ain't showing you mine.
[LAUGHTER]
>>Oh, my ankh.
OK.
[LAUGHTER]
>>OK.
So here this thing
goes this way, right?
>>No.
It's sitting like that.
>>I thought that was
supposed to be the arms.
>>Well, you mean
when it shows it
when the little arms
are doing this thing?
>>No.
But I thought that was
supposed to represent
the arms of the person.
>>Not from this way of thinking.
I don't know who
came up with that.
But there is one on the
walls that shows the ankh,
and these two things
being these two arms
that came out from there.
>>Right.
I've seen that one too.
>>But according to Thoth this
can only be seen from the side,
and not from the front.
>>When you're bringing
up the sexual energies
and you're feeling
these lines up,
are you creating a sphere
in there before the moment?
>>Where?
Here?
>>Yeah.
So you're creating a
sphere up in that area.
I mean, you could feel
the energy is coming out
in several different directions.
>>No.
I mean, if you are-- No.
It's just up.
And then you just
direct it, right.
It'll go automatically.
If you don't do anything
it'll just go up.
But if you direct
it at that moment
it will very easily move.
And you'll find that
there's an actual energy
tube running around there.
So once you turn one channel
off and open the other one up,
it will just sort of
automatically do this thing.
You don't even hardly
have to do much.
It'll just automatically come
back around this other channel.
>>Because I'm feeling
at times it'll
come out from the
shoulders first,
and then it'll start
coming in a full sphere.
But I haven't yet experienced
coming out and coming back
around.
>>Well, what they teach
relative to the Merkaba
is that it comes
back around one time.
As soon as it hits then
you immediately send
the energy from the two
ends down to this place
and radiate out
into a big sphere.
>>Thank you.
[LAUGHTER]
>>OK.
>>Can you repeat that please?
>>When you were speaking
about [INAUDIBLE]
saving their whole civilization
by teaching tantra,
is it because they're teaching
all the different aspects
and how to accept
all the aspects
as well as creating
the Merkaba Is that
what stabilized everything?
>>Yeah.
They didn't teach just energy
flows and these kind of things.
Whatever they did changed them
so much that they taught that
and how it relates to
everything, and not just to--
Is that what you mean?
>>Yeah.
Does that system still exist?
>>Well, to the
degree that-- Well,
they were the founders of
the Naacal Mystery School.
And this is Naacal Mystery
School information.
This is what they were teaching.
>>When you were saying that you
studied this for a few years
and how complex it
is, is that the system
that [INAUDIBLE] used to
save their civilization.
>>Yes.
I think so.
And there is a way
that from this system
that you can mate
interdimensionally
and all these other things.
But I only got a little ways.
I only studied for two
years, and then they left.
And so I didn't get it all.
I mean, I only got a certain
amount of the information.
Though I know I
have the rest of it,
and I'm still studying
what all of that is.
They left me with all the keys.
I know where it all is and
where all the information is.
But it's a long process.
It isn't something that can be
done in a short period of time.
>>Is the creation of
the Merkaba part of it?
>>Yes it is, except
that I'm not real sure
if they fully understood
the Merkaba in all of its.
This was the area like when you
go back to 52,000 years ago,
much of the processes that they
were using were real primitive.
And to what's being
taught here, I
don't think they understood
all the things that
were understood here.
Because one of the first things
[? Phyllis ?] did when I came
in here, I was
directed to go to him--
there's parts of the
story that I don't say.
I can't say everything.
But one of the very
first things that
happened was the reason
that I was directed to him
was I had to get his memories,
because I haven't been here
but just for a short--
I only got here in 1819.
So I haven't been
here for very long,
and I don't have those memories.
So I needed his memories.
And he needed the
information of the Merkaba.
So we exchanged.
And I gave him.
That was the first thing
he wanted before we even
started getting into anything.
He wanted the information
on the Merkaba,
which they were lacking.
They had developed
certain degrees of it
and certain aspects of it, but
they didn't know everything
that we have brought back
from a much higher level.
>>So who taught you
the Merkaba then?
>>I've known it for a long,
long, long, long time.
And nobody really
had to teach me that.
I brought it down here.
And it doesn't belong to me.
I mean, it belongs to all of us.
We all know it.
But I brought that with me.
That was the one thing
I brought with me.
But it was what I would call my
great great great grandfather,
[INAUDIBLE] who was the
one that re-instructed me
on the use of it as
soon as I got here.
So I guess if I had to
say where it came from,
that's where it came from.
And he's been here for a little
over 200,000 years, watching
over this experiment that's
been taking place here
of consciousness, making sure
that to the best of his ability
that nothing goes too crazy.